Doc revamp and cleanup (#2806)
dfinity/motoko: doc/modules/language-guide/pages/cycles.adoc

:proglang: Motoko
:company-id: DFINITY

Usage of the {IC} is measured, and paid for, in _cycles_.
The {IC} maintains a balance of cycles per canister smart contract.
In addition, cycles can be transferred between canisters.

> In {proglang}, each actor, as an {IC} canister, also has a balance of cycles.

Reviewer: "each actor, as an IC canister" I found this a bit confusing. Can I run a actor outside of IC? Why not just say "each actor" or "each IC canister".

Also, since this is Motoko documentation, I wonder if we should only say "actor" and not "IC canister". Or maybe "Motoko canister".

Author: ```suggestion
In {proglang} programs targeting the {IC}, each actor represents an {IC} canister smart contract, and has an associated balance of cycles.
```
